what I believe about things I believe I
believe I believe I believe I believe I
believe I believe in toughness and
discipline I believe in fundamentals
teaching fundamentals and being
fundamentally sound I believe in
organization and I believe in care Hey
well we're gonna do you heard that
before but I will tell you this in
november december i think you know more
about what I just want to tell you that
I'm glad to be here I'm excited to be
here longer I've had time to think about
it the more excited I've gotten about
whatever they need me to do it will have
a swim Air Force win whatever they let
me to do it'll help us win they'll help
us win I've learned what what what to do
what not to do to air force win and I
believe very strongly we get this done
I'm totally committed to it that about
that you make sure we get the right guy
it's right if you're it dry guy said
about that me make sure we get the right
guy it directed to get the right guy I'm
not trying to build a resume I'm just
trying to help him to one we're not that
far away we're not that far away in this
little believe and toughness and
discipline it's a tough game for tough
people this is a discipline game as well
but you can't be so disciplined that you
put under control aha leaving sun the
moon teaching front of them
waves are more fun than fundamentals
fundamentals are more important place
what sometimes it's like Christmas
morning you don't get everything when
you list sometimes it's like Christmas
morning you don't get everything only
list I want you to know but all due
respect I don't care that don't bother
me I want you to know with all due
respect I don't care I don't bother me I
think we got good young players good
young players I think this draft this
year will turn out to be a strong dress
to be a strong frame grip I can't tell
you we're going to playoffs but we
should be headed day but my job is to
help us win again that's where I'll
spend my time we're going to get the
best people to come in here and be a
part of our organization to help us be
able to win buddy nix and I on the same
time frame the only way to get it done
is to be on the same page like that's
what wins game and I probably a
toughness and discipline it's a tough
game for tough people this is a
discipline game as well you can't just
go out there and be a tough guy you got
to be disciplined I believe in funda
money's teaching from the milk
next I'm blaze are more fun and
fundamentals fundamentals are more
bullets in place all you can do is
understand who we are what we're about
what we're trying to get done right it's
what you do with the opportunity when
you get it I can't say anything to
change any advice man all I can do is go
try to help us win football games we win
football games everybody's mind to be
change right that's what'll happen